New hires checklist: how to build and run on personal iOS devices (#135)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/NewHiresCheckList.md

## What's next?

> 1. Refer to the [Fastlane Match](https://github.com/Babylonpartners/ios-playbook/blob/master/Cookbook/Technical-Documents/FastlaneMatch.md) document for certificates and provisioning profiles related concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to the [Fastlane Match](FastlaneMatch.md#day-to-day-development) document if you want to run the app on your own iOS devices.
```

How about that? 
1. Relative link
1. Takes you directly to the relevant section
1. Clearer purpose of why you'd want to do it

Author: Sounds good! 👍
